DOC-3351: Fixed broken links. Last file fixed: CorDapp upgradeability guarantees. (#250)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/cordapps/cordapp-constraint-migration.md

### Should I use the **implicit** or **explicit** upgrade path?

> The general recommendation for Corda 4 is to use **implicit** upgrades for the reasons described [here](../../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/cordapps/api-contract-constraints.html#implicit-vs-explicit-upgrades). **Implicit** upgrades allow pre-authorising multiple implementations of the contract ahead of time. They do not require additional coding and do not incur a complex choreographed operational upgrade process.

Reviewer: I don't think this title exists anymore: maybe
```suggestion
The general recommendation for Corda 4 is to use **implicit** upgrades for the reasons described [here](../../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/cordapps/api-contract-constraints.html#implicit-and-explicit-contract-upgrades). **Implicit** upgrades allow pre-authorizing multiple implementations of the contract ahead of time. They do not require additional coding and do not incur a complex choreographed operational upgrade process.
```

* All Corda Nodes in the same CZ or business network that may encounter a transaction chain with a hash constrained state must be started using

> relaxed hash constraint checking mode as described in [Hash constrained states in private networks](../../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/cordapps/api-contract-constraints.html#hash-constrained-states-in-private-networks).

Reviewer: Can't find that header, but can suggest:
```suggestion
relaxed hash constraint checking mode as described in [Hash constrained states in private networks](../../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.8/enterprise/cordapps/api-contract-constraints.html#types-of-contract-constraints).
```
